In order to complete this course,
you will need a few things.
A text editor access to the terminal node,
version eight and some of the example code.
Let's go over those in detail.
First,
a text editor,
The text editor is to compose and edit your code.
I recommend using a mid range,
no frills free editor like Sublime or Adam rather than a fully featured I d like Eclipse or
a bare bones editor like them.
With a mid range option,
you get a free piece of software that highlights air code,
lets you find files easily and doesn't do much else.
That's all you really need.
Access to the terminal.
This includes admin privileges.
They should go without saying I only mention it because if you're on a school or work
computer,
you may not know the administrator password,
and they may have locked your user out of the terminal anyway.
And so you might not be able to access the shell in a way that would allow you to complete
this course.
You also need node version eight LTs,
which stands for a long term stable release.
Go to know J s dot org's and download and install it.
They have downloads for Mac PC and many Lennox distributions.
When you visit the home page,
you'll see that there are many other recent versions of note available.
We're choosing to teach from the LTs because that is the version that note has promised to
support for a given period of time.
If you take a look at this chart,
you can see that note eight is and is going to remain the stable supported version for some
time to come.
If you're watching this years in the future,
that might not be the case,
but we'll put out another version of this course when the LTs changes.
Though higher versions may be tempting to use,
like No.
Nine might be tempting to use,
and it might seem stable.
I highly encourage you,
generally speaking,
to build your software on the LTs versions of distributions,
not betas or unstable or on supported releases.
Lastly,
as I mentioned in earlier lecture,
you might want to download the examples for these lectures so you can see all the code.
Right now,
each lecture has its own code base that you can download or calling from get hub or from
the course site and each lectures code base is a snapshot in time of how the code looked at
the end of that lecture.
So if you want to see exactly what the code look like after we added logging to the A p I.
But before we moved on to the next step,
for example,
you can go and get that exact level of code.
Okay,
so go ahead and take a moment to download text editor,
download no Js and install them on your machine.
Then you can continue on with the next section when you're done.